docs: Major updates around tooling and Nada language (#7)
NillionNetwork/nillion-docs: docs/nada.md

# nada

> A tool to manage Nada projects. It can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nada` is the tool to manage nada projects It can:
```
